## Privacy Preferences

This website (https://charitydigital.org.uk) and the Heritage Digital portal (https://heritage-digital.org) is run by Charity Digital, which is a UK-registered charity that also runs Charity Digital Exchange and Charity Digital Jobs. 

What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. It is generated by a web server (which is basically the computer that operates a website) and can be used by that server whenever the user visits the site. A cookie can be thought of as an internet user’s identification card, which tells a website when the user has returned.

Our cookies can’t harm your computer and we don’t store any personally identifiable information about you on any of our cookies.

For further information visit aboutcookies.org or allaboutcookies.org. You can set your browser not to accept cookies and these websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser.

Why do we use cookies on this site?
This website uses two types of cookies: cookies set by Charity Digital and cookies set by third parties (i.e. other websites or services).

Charity Digital’s cookies enable us to keep you signed into your account throughout your visit and to tailor the information displayed on the site to your preferences, such as showing coupon codes to validated organisations.

We also use third party cookies to help us analyse how people are using our site’s features to improve it for future users. Beyond that, we also use cookies to integrate content with our social networks, such as Facebook and Twitter.

If you would like more information about the cookies we use, as well as details on how to opt-out, please see below.

## Strictly Necessary Cookies

Strictly necessary cookies are essential in helping you to move around our websites and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of the website and shopping. These cookies don't gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the internet.

We use these Strictly Necessary cookies to:
Remember things like information you've entered on order forms when you navigate to different pages in a single web browser session
Remember the goods and services you ordered when you get to the checkout page
Identifying you as being signed in and keeping you logged in throughout your visit so that you don't need to sign in each and every time you visit.
Using our site indicates that you accept the use of 'Strictly Necessary' cookies.

Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the website, so if you prevent them we cannot guarantee how our site will perform for you.Cookies Used / Always Active
JSESSIONID
VISITOR
VISITORLOGIN
USER
USERSECURE
AWSALB
AWSALBCORS
__stripe_mid
__stripe_sid
CDSSORedirect

## Performance Cookies (analytical)

'Performance' cookies collect information about how you use our website e.g. which pages you visit, and if you experience any errors. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all the information collected is anonymous and is only used to help us improve how our website works.

Some examples of how we do this include:
Provide statistics on how our website is used
See how effective our adverts are (we don't use this information to target adverts to you when you visit other websites)
Provide feedback to partners that one of our visitors also visited their website. This can include details of any products bought. This lets our partners improve their website, but we don't allow our partners to reuse this information for further advertising
Help us improve the website by measuring any errors that occur
Cookies Used
HotJar: _hjsession*, _hjuser*, _hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress, _hjIncludedInSessionSample, _hjIncludedInPageviewSample, _hjFirstSeen

## Targeting Cookies (3rd party)

'Targeting' cookies are linked to services provided by third parties, such as 'Like' buttons and 'Share' buttons. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website.

An example of this includes:
Link to social networks like Facebook, who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites
We use third party services provided by third parties like YouTube or Vimeo who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites
You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties, and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies.


Cookies Used
Retargeting

